hey guys this is all we end today we're
going to have a special old-school Nym
edition of matchmaking as honey as well
as Malini are going to compete for milks
love
my solo MMR is at current time 5432
wedding hmm
I think around 5k number
okay 5150 what 5300 it's better than you
it's not close enough not good enough
it's five five thousand four hundred
something huh it's not enough you're not
good enough
hi guest 5100 I'm I think my worst her
was probably invoker also optimize it I
can play exhort fine but it's really
boring mmm I'll have to say ember spirit
what I don't know I haven't even played
that's how I feel war zero I can't be
worse than it if I'm never plated I know
right I don't have fun that's everyone's
laughing at this question hmm probably
axe
you really don't wanna who I have a lot
of those I am I'm sort of an asshole so
I like to laugh at everything and I
think sometimes people don't like me
doing that probably one of them that
he's too full of himself
Wow his arrogance have you to
What did he say
um would you say assholes
in terms of play-by-play it's definitely
Toby one in terms of analysts what no
I'm not a sort of in terms of analysts
it would have to be one of my potential
sweethearts
maleeni I can tell you it's not one of
what one of each one play-by-play and
one analytical I can say I'll say myself
for analytical think you like me
and then for play-by-play your bias to
say Toby I guess I have to say Toby I
got it right yeah and play-by-play Toby
have a point if it's not selling
yourself on a date
a go-kart racing something fun I like
racing would you go my answer would be
mmm okay let's say to the cinemas yeah
Beach I have no idea
walk on the beach lovely strolls
what here what I like to cosplay s see
the obvious choice would be bloodseeker
but I don't really find the cosplay of
him very fun or cool by any means so I
think mmm that's a hot one
your thought about this your night I'd
like to cosplay as overmatch I thought
Seger Bloodseeker I knew you were both
gonna say that no if it's not blood
Seagal what would you think is theory on
it's not so bad but no it's a ogre Magi
I don't know you get a second person
yeah and I thought it'd be funny just
you don't have that's my ogre um I don't
know who smells worse ah house pretty
sweaty sometimes so I think I don't know
maleeni honey that's a difficult one I
think I'd go with with honey just in
case we get into trouble
yeah I was gonna say honey cuz he has
muscles but that has nothing to do with
the head so I'll say myself because I
make you laugh that's a good reason
think you would choose to the dumb one
of the two just so you can act out all
the time as much as he feels like it so
yes are we not talking about the ogre
yeah but which one of you to be the
right answer
hey Chris don't look irrelevant oh go no
joy hey I just met you and this is crazy
I'm not done into the my let it go ready
go
no that's not it close though I do like
Barbie girl sing it I don't know what no
I'm a Barbie girl I don't know how to
continue oh that was me there's that
you